python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ab1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab1.reads.prophages.csv Ab1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ab1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab1.reads.prophages.csv Ab1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ab2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab2.reads.prophages.csv Ab2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ab2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab2.reads.prophages.csv Ab2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_B1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B1.reads.prophages.csv B1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_B1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B1.reads.prophages.csv B1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_B2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B2.reads.prophages.csv B2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_B2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B2.reads.prophages.csv B2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Da1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da1.reads.prophages.csv Da1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Da1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da1.reads.prophages.csv Da1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Da2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da2.reads.prophages.csv Da2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Da2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da2.reads.prophages.csv Da2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_E1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E1.reads.prophages.csv E1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_E1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E1.reads.prophages.csv E1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_E2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E2.reads.prophages.csv E2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_E2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E2.reads.prophages.csv E2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_H1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H1.reads.prophages.csv H1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_H1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H1.reads.prophages.csv H1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_H2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H2.reads.prophages.csv H2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_H2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H2.reads.prophages.csv H2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_I1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I1.reads.prophages.csv I1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_I1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I1.reads.prophages.csv I1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_I2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I2.reads.prophages.csv I2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_I2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I2.reads.prophages.csv I2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_J1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J1.reads.prophages.csv J1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_J1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J1.reads.prophages.csv J1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_J2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J2.reads.prophages.csv J2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_J2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J2.reads.prophages.csv J2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_K1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K1.reads.prophages.csv K1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_K1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K1.reads.prophages.csv K1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_K2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K2.reads.prophages.csv K2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_K2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K2.reads.prophages.csv K2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_L1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L1.reads.prophages.csv L1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_L1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L1.reads.prophages.csv L1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_L2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L2.reads.prophages.csv L2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_L2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L2.reads.prophages.csv L2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_M1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M1.reads.prophages.csv M1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_M1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M1.reads.prophages.csv M1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_M2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M2.reads.prophages.csv M2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_M2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M2.reads.prophages.csv M2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_N1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N1.reads.prophages.csv N1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_N1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N1.reads.prophages.csv N1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_N2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N2.reads.prophages.csv N2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_N2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N2.reads.prophages.csv N2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_O1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O1.reads.prophages.csv O1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_O1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O1.reads.prophages.csv O1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_O2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O2.reads.prophages.csv O2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_O2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O2.reads.prophages.csv O2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_P1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P1.reads.prophages.csv P1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_P1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P1.reads.prophages.csv P1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_P2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P2.reads.prophages.csv P2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_P2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P2.reads.prophages.csv P2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Q1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q1.reads.prophages.csv Q1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Q1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q1.reads.prophages.csv Q1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Q2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q2.reads.prophages.csv Q2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Q2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q2.reads.prophages.csv Q2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ra1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra1.reads.prophages.csv Ra1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ra1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra1.reads.prophages.csv Ra1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ra2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra2.reads.prophages.csv Ra2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Ra2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra2.reads.prophages.csv Ra2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_S1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S1.reads.prophages.csv S1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_S1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S1.reads.prophages.csv S1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_S2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S2.reads.prophages.csv S2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_S2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S2.reads.prophages.csv S2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_T1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T1.reads.prophages.csv T1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_T1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T1.reads.prophages.csv T1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_T2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T2.reads.prophages.csv T2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_T2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T2.reads.prophages.csv T2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_U1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U1.reads.prophages.csv U1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_U1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U1.reads.prophages.csv U1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_U2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U2.reads.prophages.csv U2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_U2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U2.reads.prophages.csv U2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_W1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W1.reads.prophages.csv W1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_W1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W1.reads.prophages.csv W1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_W2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W2.reads.prophages.csv W2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_W2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W2.reads.prophages.csv W2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_X1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X1.reads.prophages.csv X1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_X1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X1.reads.prophages.csv X1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_X2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X2.reads.prophages.csv X2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_X2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X2.reads.prophages.csv X2.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Y1_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y1.reads.prophages.csv Y1.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Y1_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y1.reads.prophages.csv Y1.prophages.R2.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Y2_paired_R1.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y2.reads.prophages.csv Y2.prophages.R1.fastq
python /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/code/extractFromFastQ.py /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/0_readsVirome/8L_PF_scythed_tagcleaned_sickled_Y2_paired_R2.fastq /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y2.reads.prophages.csv Y2.prophages.R2.fastq
