picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y1.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y2.sorted.bam O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/P2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/P2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/W2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/W2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/H2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/H2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/S1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/S1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/B1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/B1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/K2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/K2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/M2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/M2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/E1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/E1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/O2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/O2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ra1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ra1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/X1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/X1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Da2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Da2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Y1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Y1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Ab2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Ab2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/L2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/L2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/N1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/N1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/U1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/U1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/Q2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/Q2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/J1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/J1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I2.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/I2.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/I2.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
picard-tools FilterSamReads I=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T1.sorted.reads O=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/0.bamFiles/T1.clean.bam READ_LIST_FILE=/ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp/2_readsCleaning/9.readsForDepletion.bacteria/T1.reads.contaminants.csv FILTER=excludeReadList
