samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/H1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/H1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Da2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Da2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/B2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/B2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/L1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/L1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Da1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Da1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/J1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/J1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/X1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/X1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/W1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/W1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/U2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/U2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/K2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/K2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Y1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Y1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/W2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/W2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/T2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/T2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/K1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/K1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ra1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ra1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Q2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Q2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/B1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/B1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Y2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Y2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/S2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/S2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ra2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ra2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/T1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/T1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/O1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/O1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/L2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/L2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/E1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/E1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/E2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/E2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/M1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/M1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/J2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/J2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/M2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/M2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/N1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/N1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/P2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/P2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/N2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/N2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/P1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/P1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/S1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/S1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/X2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/X2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/U1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/U1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/O2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/O2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Q1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Q1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ab2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ab2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ab1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/Ab1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/H2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/H2.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/I1.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/I1.sorted.bam
samtools sort /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/I2.bam > /ebio/abt3_projects/TwinsUK_viromes_Shao_Pei/tmp2/03_readsToDeRepContigs/I2.sorted.bam
